BD-3349: Updates to translation API docs (#7862)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/endpoints/translations/put_update_translation_campaign.md

| Parameter | Required | Data Type | Description |
| --------- | ---------| --------- | ----------- |

> | `step_id` | Required | String | The ID of your Canvas step. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `campaign_id` | Required | String | The ID of your campaign. | 
```
